About sixty codfish eggs will make a quarter pound of very fizzy jelly.
A large fawn jumped quickly over white zinc boxes.
Alfredo just must bring very exciting news to the plaza quickly.
All questions asked by five watched experts amaze the judge.
A mad boxer shot a quick, gloved jab to the jaw of his dizzy opponent.
Amazingly, few discotheques provide jukeboxes.
An inspired calligrapher can create pages of beauty using stick ink, quill, brush, pickaxe, buzz saw, or even strawberry jam.
Anxious Paul waved back his pa from the zinc quarry just sighted.
A quart jar of oil mixed with zinc oxide makes a very bright paint.
A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats.
A quivering Texas zombie fought republic linked jewelry.
Astronaut Quincy B. Zack defies gravity with six jet fuel pumps.
As we explored the Gulf of Zanzibar, we quickly moved closer to the jutting rocks.
A very big box sailed up then whizzed quickly from Japan. 
A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog.
Back in June, we delivered oxygen equipment of the same size.
Back in my quaint garden, jaunty zinnias vie with flaunting phlox.
BENS BEST BENT WIRE/5 BENS BEST BENT WIRE/5 BENS BEST BENT WIRE/5
Big Fuji waves pitch enzymed kex liquor.
Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow.
Both fickle dwarves jinx my pig quiz. 
Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.
Breezily jangling 3,416,857.209 wise advertiser ambles to the bank, his exchequer amplified.
Cozy lummox gives smart squid who asks for job pen.
Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels.
Cute, kind, jovial, foxy physique, amazing? Wower.
David, jewish exmonarch, kept big vineyard, quizzical wife.
Dumpy kibitzer jingles as exchequer overflows.
Ebenezer unexpectedly bagged two tranquil aardvarks with his jiffy vacuum cleaner.
Exquisite farm wench gives body jolt to prize stinker.
Fabled reader with jaded, roving eye seized by quickened impulse to expand budget.
Fax back Jim’s Gwyneth Paltrow video quiz. 
Few black taxis drive up major roads on quiet hazy nights.
Few quips galvanized the mock jury box.
Fickle jinx bog dwarves spy math quiz.
Five big quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
Five or six big jet planes zoomed quickly by the tower.
Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
Five wine experts jokingly quizzed sample chablis.
Fix problem quickly with galvanized jets. 
For only 49, jolly housewives made inexpensive meals using quickfrozen vegetables.
Forsaking monastic tradition, twelve jovial friars gave up their vocation for a questionable existence on the flying trapeze.
Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz.
Foxy diva Jennifer Lopez wasn’t baking my quiche.
Fred specialized in the job of making very quaint wax toys.
Freight to me sixty dozen quart jars and twelve black pans.
Gaze at this sentence for just about sixty seconds and then explain what makes it quite different from the average sentence.
Grumpy wizards make a toxic brew for the jovial queen.
Hark, toxic jungle water vipers quietly drop on zebras for meals.
Heavy boxes perform quick waltzes and jigs.
His graceful bisque vase whizzed past my taxi, no joke.
How quickly daft jumping zebras vex.
How razorback jumping frogs can level six piqued gymnasts.
How vexing a fumble to drop a jolly zucchini in the quicksand.
I have quickly spotted the four women dozing in the jury box.
Jack amazed a few girls by dropping the antique onyx vase.
Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
Jack Farmer realized that the big yellow quilts were expensive.
Jackie will budget for the most expensive zoology equipment.
Jack quietly moved up front and seized the big ball of wax.
Jacky can now give six big tips from the old quiz. 
Jacqueline was vexed by the folks who go the money prizes.
Jaded zombies acted quaintly but kept driving their oxen forward.
Jail zesty vixen who grabbed pay from quack.
Jeb quickly drove a few extra miles on the glazed pavement.
Jelly-like above the high wire, six quaking pachyderms kept the climax of the extravaganza in a dazzling state of flux.
Jellylike above the high wire, six quaking pachyderms kept the climax of the extravaganza in a dazzling state of flux.
Jim just quit and packed extra bags for Liz Owen.
Jimmy and Zack, the police explained, were last seen diving into a field of buttered quahogs.
Jim quickly realized that the beautiful gowns are expensive.
Jinxed wizards pluck ivy from the big quilt.
Judge Powell quickly gave six embezzlers stiff sentences.
Just keep examining every low bid quoted for zinc etchings.
Just keep examining every low bid quoted for zinc etchings. 
Just work for improved basic techniques to maximize your typing skill.
King Alexander was just partly overcome after quizzing diogenes in his tub.
Lazy movers quit hardpacking of papiermache jewelry boxes.
Many big jackdaws quickly zipped over the fox pen.
Martin J. Hixeypozer quickly began his first word.
May Jo equal the fine record by solving six puzzles a week?
Meghan deftly picks valuable jewels, onyx and quartz.
Mix zapf with veljovic and get quirky beziers.
Mr. Jock, TV quiz PH.D., bags few lynx.
Murky haze enveloped a city as jarring quakes broke fortysix windows.
My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show.
My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit.
My grandfather picks up quartz and valuable onyx jewels.
My help squeezed back in again and joined the weavers after six.
New farm hand picking just six quinces proves strong but lazy.
No kidding, Lorenzo called off his trip to visit Mexico City just because they told him the conquistadores were extinct.
Now is the time for all brown dogs to jump quickly over the lazy lynx.
Nymphs blitz quick vex dwarf jog.
On my exotic journey, I realized plucking aquatic bird feathers was abusive.
Pack my box with five dozen jugs of liquid veneer.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
Pack my red box with five dozen quality jugs. 
Patchwork quilt muzzles baffled young vixen Jo.
Perhaps Jon Claude's amazing sax skills will be judged quite favorably.
Picking just six quinces, the new farmhand proved strong but lazy.
Prating jokers quizzically vexed me with fibs.
Public junk dwarves hug my quartz fox.
Puzzled women bequeath jerks very exotic gifts.
Questions of a zealous nature have become by degrees petty waxen jokes.
Quick fox jumps nightly above wizard.
Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim.
Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim.
Quilt frenzy jackdaw gave them best pox.
Quizzical twins proved my hijack-bug fix.
Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz.
Six big juicy steaks sizzled in a pan as five workmen left the quarry.
Six boys guzzled cheap raw plum vodka quite joyfully.
Six crazy kings vowed to abolish my quite pitiful jousts.
Six javelins thrown by the quick savages whizzed forty paces beyond the mark.
Six of the women quietly gave back prizes to the judge.
Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.
Sixty zips were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.
Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow.
Sympathizing would fix quaker objectives.
The Basque M.P. loved his wife's onyx jar and zinc-lined keg.
The exodus of jazzy pigeons is craved by squeamish walkers.
The explorer was frozen in his big kayak just after making quaint discoveries.
The explorer was frozen in his big kayak just after making queer discoveries.
The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
Their kind aunt was subject to frequent dizzy spells, thus causing much anxiety and worry.
The job of waxing linoleum frequently peeves chintzy kids.
The job requires extra pluck and zeal from every young wage earner.
The juke box music puzzled a gentle visitor from a quaint valley town.
The July sun caused a fragment of black pine wax to ooze on the velvet quilt.
The junior office clerks were quite amazed at the extra reward given by their generous employer.
The lazy major was fixing Cupid’s broken quiver.
The public was amazed to view the quickness and dexterity of the juggler.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
THE QUICK BROWN FOX JUMPS OVER THE LAZY DOGS BACK 7 0 3 6 4 5 1 2 8 9
The quick onyx goblin jumps over the lazy dwarf.
The sex life of the woodchuck is a provocative question for most vertebrate zoology majors.
The vixen jumped quickly on her foe barking with zeal.
The wizard quickly jinxed the gnomes before they vaporized.
Travelling beneath the azure sky in our jolly oxcart, we often hit bumps quite hard.
Turgid saxophones blew over Micks jazzy quiff.
Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz.
Two hardy boxing kangaroos jet from Sydney to Zanzibar on quicksilver pinions.
Venerable Will played jazz sax until 3 oclock in the morning before he quit.
Verbatim reports were quickly given by Jim Fox to his amazed audience.
Viewing quizzical abstracts mixed up hefty jocks.
Waltz, nymph, for quick jigs vex Bud.
Waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs.
We could jeopardize six of the gunboats by two quick moves.
Weekly magazines request help for and by junior executives.
We have just quoted on nine dozen boxes of gray lamp wicks.
We promptly judged antique ivory buckles for the next prize.
We quickly seized the black axle and just saved it from going past him.
West quickly gave Bert handsome prizes for six juicy plums.
Whenever the black fox jumped, the squirrel gazed suspiciously.
When we go back to Juarez, Mexico, do we fly over picturesque Arizona?
When zombies arrive, quickly fax Judge Pat.
While making deep excavations, we found some quaint bronze jewelry.
While waxing parquet decks, Suez sailors vomit jauntily abaft.
Who packed five dozen old quart jugs in my box? 
William Lex quickly caught five dozen republicans.
William said that everything about his jacket was in quite good condition except for the zipper.
Will Major Douglas be expected to take this truefalse quiz very soon?
Wolfing kumquats, jovial Charon poled his boat lazily along the styx.
Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz.
Zany Jacques Frenchs pub mixed watery vodka gimlets.
Zelda might fix the job growth plans very quickly on Monday.

Why was Samuel Morse bad at canoeing? He did not have a dual paddle HEE/EE
What did professional navy radio operators earn? A continuous wage HEE/EE
I was kicked out of the CW class. The teacher said I send in worse code HEE/EE
This low power station is hard to copy. Its Q R P HEE/EE
Why is it hard to operate from a hilltop? You have continuous wind HEE/EE
What is a ham's favorite fish? Sotabreams HEE/EE
Which ham shop has the worst Christmas deals? Martin Grinch HEE/EE
What do you call a very bad CW? A WC HEE/EE
Why is it hard to operate /MM? You have continuous waves HEE/EE
Where can you hear QRQ code? On the high waves HEE/EE
Why was the traveller confused by radio stations? There are too many lines and no train HEE/EE
What do you get by crossing a centipede and a parrot? A walkie-talkie HEE/EE
What is the favourite car of young hams? The Toyota HEE/EE
Why do alpacas not know CW? Because they are llamateur HEE/EE
What is the best borough for a ham QTH? Lewisham HEE/EE
What does a ham ask Santa for Christmas? A new XMAST HEE/EE
What do hams wish each other for Christmas? Happy New Gear HEE/EE
Why do you not break up with a ham girlfriend? She would CQ HEE/EE
Where do hams buy their clothes? H and F HEE/EE
Why can you not transmit from a train station? There are too many lines and no dot HEE/EE
What do you say when they call CQ on your QRG? QSwhy? HEE/EE
Where do hams refuel? At QESSO HEE/EE
Why are hams friendly? They wave at you HEE/EE
What do you call a sloppy CW operator? A CWOOOPS HEE/EE
What do you call 5 people waiting for a bus in Chelmsford? QESSEX HEE/EE
Which animal does not know CW? The SSBEE HEE/EE
What is the stinkiest TX mode? SSPEE HEE/EE
Which animal is always on air? The Beecon HEE/EE

Glib jocks quiz nymph to vex dwarf.
The jay, pig, fox, zebra and my wolves quack.
Watch "Jeopardy", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game.
By Jove, my quick study of lexicography won a prize HEE/EE
Waxy and quivering, jocks fumble the pizza.
Jump by vow of quick, lazy strength in Oxford.
Blowzy night frumps vexed Jack Q.
John quickly extemporized five tow bags
Brown jars prevented the mixture from freezing too quickly.
Viewing quizzical abstracts mixed up hefty jocks
GQ’s oft lucky whiz Dr. J, ex-NBA MVP.
Five or six big jet planes zoomed quickly by the tower.
Go lazy fat vixen, be shrewd, jump quick.
Quixotic jugglers repent, wave away fake methods and brazen mishaps.
Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompye killed the fox.
The vixen jumped quickly on her foe, barking with zeal.
Fat wealthy diva became rocking jazz saxophone queen. 
Mad Brother Farvis was quickly axed for crazy praying.
Back home after jiving so, he expired with quizzicality.
Intoxicated Queen Elizabeth vows Mick Jagger is perfection.
The girl loved a joyful boy who quickly fixed her zany problems.
Joe was pleased over our gift of quail, mink, zebra, and clever oryx.
If I give you cloth with quartz beads -- onyx, jasper, amethyst -- keep it.
Engelbert Humperinck’s exquisitely frothy and vacuous waltz is a joy.
The soprano took Mozart’s joyful quavers with grace and exuberance.
If Grieg or Dvorak, for example, wrote jazz, it would be quaint and cheesy.
The querulous snoozing taxi driver jumped crossly, woken by the foghorn.
For civilization, Marxist thought just must be quickly replaced by ways of freedom.
A foxy, quick, clever cat in Switzerland was hit by a fancy sports job with bumpy seats and a grumpy driver.

Psycho biker, dazed on toxins, fervently wails misquoted jargon.
Quixotic skateboarders play while office zombies envision jargon.
Design a quality website from zilch and then explain vaporware, jerk.
Explosion discharges waves of mesmerizing black matter, jump quickly.
Darkness closing in, vexed zombie hits five door jambs, quality pillow. (panku)
Yes, Joe has a qualm about receiving the puzzling gift box of knowledge.
Queasy nightmares befuddle denizens who poke and examine unjust cover-ups.
I’m just quietly working on type which wasn’t utilized or very sexy before.
Ze dunkel requires fine malt or it will become a very hoppy mix in that jug.
Put yourself in the DJ’s shoes, as mixing Mozart with Queen can be very tricky.
Purveyor Johnny makes a questionable decision for the fix, while robots zigzag.
We quickly judge the society’s degree of civilization by examining its prisons.
Five wisecracking juveniles surprise teacher by expertly mastering arduous quiz.
Join now and quickly benefit from my experience with dozens of government loans.
Jeez, the advertising budget for kooky superbowl ads has become quite exorbitant.
To make a quality typeface design, mix a vat of math, mojo, and a bit of wizardry.
Don’t venture into the jungle maze, or the axe-bearing psycho will quickly follow.
An extreme sport is one in which citizens frequently keel over due to bad judgment.
Acolytes preaching faulty excerpts provoke mob quarrel and jeopardize welfare for all.
Electronic dinosaurs quickly vex and bemoan professionals working in Zhanjiang, China.
The hazy extraterrestrial moon has a visibly pockmarked surface, which is quite jagged.
While a considerable quantity of greenbacks flow, foxy vermin jeopardize casino floors.
Despite key technological advances, jalopies require a sizable petroleum fix to whiz by.
If your body is unquestionably overweight from a pathetic lack of exercise, try jogging.
If you mess with the power of gravity, be prepared to quickly jeopardize your existence.
Zany pixel fonts may have a good vector outline, but can be questionable and wonky junk.
Beneath the parquet floors lay 49 jam-packed zwiebacks alongside the very old xerograph.
Americans very quickly lose rights, as zealot politicians wax poetic about foreign jihad.
I know that atoms produce complex forms of matter, which could become very jagged quartz.
Jazzy spam emails occupy inboxes, banking on individuals with zero IQ and loose billfolds.
Queasy men wage battles for food while jaded Americans view on TVs with king-sized pixels.
We frequently mix old technology with computers to convert a backbreaking job into a breeze.
A query into the dawn of mankind reveals a startling nexus between jumping chimpanzees and us.
When in a major quandary, you can take a step backward to see the gestalt and visualize the fix.
Be wary of questioning the leaders, or your jacket may contain toxic levels of ionizing particles.
“Seize the day and follow the fluxing middle path on your journey back to Nirvana,” quipped Buddha.
Gaze into the quasi-onyx future and you’ll see every skilled job has been replaced with automation.
Who controls the gold is a touchy subject and frequently makes people get exiled and often vaporized.
A pangram can be a vexing word puzzle, as every letter of the alphabet must be used in just one quirky sentence.
The basic experience that is required to reproduce flawless glyphs is jokingly minimal these days—very close to zero.
Big fjords vex quick waltz nymph.
Wall dogs must quickly expedite hefty, oversized sign jobs.
Lettering experts, working fast, zip through even quite jumbled copy.
Expect skilled signwriters to use many jazzy, quaint old alphabets effectively.
The scriptorium contained jars of flexible quills and razor-sharp knives along with manuscripts to copy.
Put my wicked quill in five hard oxidizing jobs.
My very fuzzy kit box just bulges with quick-dry paint.
By Jove, a weighty box, fine quill, and prized mahlstick.

PUFFING WIZARDS AMAZE QUIRKY ELVES.
ZIGZAGGING THROUGH THE MAZE THE SQUIRREL RUNS.
COZY CABINS OFFER A RELAXING ESCAPE.
THE ZESTY AROMA OF FRESH LEMONS FILLS MY KITCHEN.
HOPPING BUNNIES ORGANISE ZANY PILLOW FIGHTS JOYFULLY.
VEXED OGRES FREQUENTLY SNEEZE GLITTER AND RAINBOWS.
MOONLIT MERMAIDS SERENADE JOVIAL PIRATES WITH KAZOOS.
FUZZY WALRUSES JUGGLE SIXTY JARS OF JAM WITH EASE.
JUMPING JELLYBEANS PARTY IN FIZZY SODA POP FOUNTAINS.
FLUFFY KITTENS PIROUETTE ON PIANO KEYS.
PIZZA, FIVE QUIRKY ROBOTS DANCE THE MACARENA.
WAFFLES, AND TACOS JOIN FORCES FOR LUNCH.
BEWILDERED PENGUINS ATTEMPT BUNGEE JUMPING.
DISCO LLAMAS SAMBAR WITH GLITTERY FLAMINGOS.
THE FUNKY DJ MIXES BEATS WITH DINOSAUR ROARZ.
WHIZ-KID JUGGLES FIVE COLORFUL BALLS.
QUICK, GRAB THE JUICY KIWI AND ENJOY IT.
BUZZING BEES SIP NECTAR FROM THE WILDFLOWERS.
BOUNCING KANGAROOS PLAY HOPSCOTCH ON JUPITER’S MOONS.
