You must be the change you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi
Do one thing every day that scares you. Eleanor Roosevelt
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. -Oscar Wilde
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Lao Tzu
Eighty percent of success is showing up. Woody Allen
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. -Martin Luther King Jr.
All the world’s a stage, and all men and women merely players. William Shakespeare
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. Will Rogers
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. Albert Einstein
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers. Tennessee Williams
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try, try, again. William Edward Hickson
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. Mother Teresa
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be sure to put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. Abraham Lincoln.
Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country. John Kennedy
Turn your wounds into wisdom. Oprah Winfrey
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. Wayne Gretzky
It is still best to be honest and truthful; to make the most of what we have; to be happy with simple pleasures; and have courage when things go wrong. Laura Ingalls Wilder
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. Henry Ford
I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear. Rosa Parks
Believe you can, and you’re halfway there. Theodore Roosevelt
An unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. John F. Kennedy
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. Maya Angelou
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. Mother Teresa
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
Courage is grace under pressure. Ernest Hemingway
The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity. Amelia Earhart
Dream big and dare to fail. Norman Vaughan
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t take. Wayne Gretzky
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. George Addair
Nothing is impossible; the word itself says, ‘I’m possible!’ - Audrey Hepburn
You become what you believe. Oprah Winfrey
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. Anne Frank
Don’t find fault, find a remedy: anyone can complain. Henry Ford
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. Ayn Rand
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans. John Lennon
Life is a journey, and if you fall in love with the journey, you will be in love forever. Peter Hagerty
Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties. Helen Keller
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes. Andrew Carnegie
Happiness is a journey, not a destination. Ben Sweetland
Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. Thomas A. Edison
Your success and happiness lie in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties. Hellen Keller
The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it. Thich Nhat Hanh
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. Dalai Lama
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times. Aeschylus
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing. Seneca
It is not easy to find happiness within yourself, but impossible to find it elsewhere. Agnes Repplier
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. Dale Carnegie
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions. Dalai Lama XIV
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.- Soren Kierkegaard
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. Helen Keller
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it. Charles Swindoll
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air. Ralph Waldo Emerson
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. Mark Twain
Anybody who tells you money can’t buy happiness never had any. Samuel L. Jackson
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.Oscar Wilde
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Nelson Mandela
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Franklin D. Roosevelt
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. Steve Jobs 
You may say I’m a dreamer, but I’m not the only one. I hope someday you’ll join us. And the world will live as one. John Lennon
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough. Oprah Winfrey
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. Robert Frost
A man always has two reasons for doing anythinga good reason and the real reason. J. Pierpont Morgan
Don’t wait around for other people to be happy for you. Any happiness you get you’ve got to make yourself. Alice Walker
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise. Maya Angelou
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Walt Disney
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it’s a failure, you will fail above everyone else’s success. James Cameron
The holy passion of friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money. Mark Twain
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Steve Jobs
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. Marie Curie
The world is extremely interesting to a joyful soul. Alexandra Stoddard
It’s not necessary to take a person’s advice to make him feel good, all you have to do is ask it. Richard Armour
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. Jim Rohn
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. Albert Schweitzer
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them. Chris Grosser
Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once. Drew Houston, Co-Founder and CEO of Dropbox
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. Henry David Thoreau
Seven Steps to Success 1) Make a commitment to grow daily. 2) Value the process more than events. 3) Don’t wait for inspiration. 4) Be willing to sacrifice pleasure for opportunity. 5) Dream big. 6) Plan your priorities. 7) Give up to go up. John C. Maxwell
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. Michael John Bobak
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller.
Successful people have libraries. The rest have big screen TVs. Jim Rohn
There is a powerful driving force inside every human being that, once unleashed, can make any vision, dream, or desire a reality. Anthony Robbins
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse. Florence Nightingale
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Lao-Tzu
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. Henry David Thoreau. 
If you can dream it, you can do it. Walt Disney
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. Bill Cosby
There is a price to pay for success; there is also a price to pay for failure. The question is, what price are you willing to pay? - Fela Bank-Olemoh
A thinker sees his own actions as experiments and questions-as attempts to find out something. Success and failure are for him answers above all. Friedrich Nietzsche
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself. Henry Ford
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Walt Disney
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. Winston Churchill
To strive with difficulties, and to conquer them, is the highest human felicity.  Samuel Johnson
Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient. Steve Maraboli
Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing. Author Unknown
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. Mahatma Gandhi
All the adversity I’ve had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me. Walt Disney
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. Muhammad Ali 
Courage is not simply one of the virtues but the form of every virtue at the testing point, which means at the point of highest reality. C.S. Lewis
The quality of strength lined with tenderness is an unbeatable combination. Maya Angelou
To have courage for whatever comes in life everything lies in that. Teresa of Ávila
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated. Maya Angelou
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. William Faulkner.
Look well into yourself; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if you will always look there. Marcus Aurelius
Bravery never goes out of fashion. William Makepeace Thackeray
Courage is not having the strength to go on; it is going on when you don’t have the strength. Theodore Roosevelt
It is not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit. J.R.R. Tolkien
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. Anais Nin
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Mahatma Gandhi
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage. Anais Nin
You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will. Stephen King
Think big, think fast, think ahead. Dhirubhai Ambani
Leadership is not about being in charge. It’s about taking care of those in your charge. Simon Sinek
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. Anatole France
There are three essentials to leadership: humility, clarity, and courage. Chan Master Fuchan Yuan
Leadership is the capacity to translate a vision into reality. Warren Bennis
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination. John Dewey
Who would set a limit to the mind of man? - Galileo Galilei
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. John C. Maxwell
Strategy is not the consequence of planning, but the opposite: its starting point. Henry Mintzberg
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. Benjamin Disraeli
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests. John Stuart Mill
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionable integrity. Dwight D. Eisenhower
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. Ralph Nader
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. Arnold H. Glasow
Don’t tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. George S. Patton
Education is the mother of leadership. Wendell Willkie
Management is doing things right. Leadership is doing the right things. Peter Drucker
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision. It’s got to be a vision you articulate clearly and forcefully on every occasion. You can’t blow an uncertain trumpet. Theodore Hesburgh
When Paul Allen and I started Microsoft over 30 years ago, we had big dreams about software. Bill Gates
The test of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there. James Buchanan
Good people are good because they’ve come to wisdom through failure.- William Saroyan
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. Socrates
Wisdom is a good purchase, though we pay dearly for it. Dutch Proverb
We are not what we know but what we are willing to learn.- Mary Catherine Bateson
Yesterday, I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself. Rumi
There is a wisdom of the head and a wisdom of the heart. Charles Dickens
Your word is a lamp for my feet, a light for my path. Psalm 119:105
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. William Shakespeare. 
Half a man’s wisdom goes with his courage. Ralph Waldo Emerson
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be. Marcel Pagnol
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful, and then only for a short while. Albert Einstein
Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom. Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Science is what you know. Philosophy is what you don’t know. Bertrand Russell.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it. Margaret Fuller
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it. Albert Einstein.
Philosophy is at once the most sublime and the most trivial of human pursuits. William James
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. Thomas Jefferson
Dogmatism and skepticism are both, in a sense, absolute philosophies; one is certain of knowing, the other of not knowing. What philosophy should dissipate is certainty, whether of knowledge or ignorance. Bertrand Russell
When the going gets rough - turn to wonder. Parker Palmer
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn but to unlearn. Gloria Steinem
If you are not taking care of your customer, your competitor will. Bob Hooey
Companies should be selling ideas more than benefits. Sell Ideas. Not stuff. Aaron Ross
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. Bill Gates
The sales compensation plan is Batman, the sales contest is Robin. Mark Roberge
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. Thomas Paine
Our Greatest Weakness Lies In Giving Up. The Most Certain Way To Succeed Is To Try Just One More Time. Thomas Eddison
You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do. Henry Ford
Be passionate and move forward with gusto every single hour of every single day until you reach your goal. Ava DuVernay
The Difference Between A Successful Person And Others Is Not A Lack Of Strength, Not A Lack Of Knowledge, But Rather A Lack Of Will. Vince Lombardi
Approach Each Customer With The Idea Of Helping Him Or Her To Solve A Problem Or Achieve A Goal, Not Of Selling A Product Or Service. Brian Tracy
To Build A Long-Term, Successful Enterprise, When You Don’t Close A Sale, Open A Relationship. Patricia Fripp
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. Tony Robbins
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, ‘Make me feel important.’ Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life. Mary Kay Ash
Make a customer, not a sale. Katherine Barchetti
A salesperson tells, a good salesperson explains, and a great salesperson demonstrates. Harvey Mackay
ABC, Always Be Closing. Blake in Glengarry Glen Ross
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you. Oprah Winfrey
Become the person who would attract the results you seek. Jim Cathcart
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. Sam Levenson
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there. Zig Ziglar
